## Kiosk video player

### Description 
HTML5 and JavaScript-powered video player for use on an exhibit kiosk with a touchscreen monitor.

### Install
1. Follow the SMM exhibit media Chrome kiosk setup guide: [Mac](http://projects.smm.org/atrium/media/node/284859) / [Windows 7](http://projects.smm.org/atrium/media/node/283722).
2. From this repository, you only need the `build` and `assets` directories on the kiosk computer.
3. Open `build/index.html` in Chrome, copy the URL, and set that as the home page in [Stele's config file](https://github.com/scimusmn/stele/blob/master/cfg/browser.cfg.default#L4).

### Create a new video player kiosk

1. Think of a good name for the project - lowercase, underscores replacing spaces, recognizable but short. Something like "maya" or "history_colorado".
2. Run `new-project.sh` with the project name as an argument to create required files: `./new-project.sh your_project_name`

#### Add your content 
1. Open up `src/content/your-project-name/content_template.js`.
2. Read the directions there, and fill in your text content as specified.

#### Whip up some media assets
1. Videos should be rendered in an MP4 wrapper and saved to `assets/videos`.
  * Name the files `video_0.mp4`, `video_1.mp4`, `video_2.mp4`, etc.
2. Thumbnails should be JPGs and saved to `assets/images/your-project-name` (this folder is generated by the new project script).
* Name the files using the component number and the video number they go with. 
Examples: `0425_video_0.jpg`, `0425_video_1.jpg`, `0425_video_2.jpg`, etc

#### Add a theme
1. Open up `src/themes/your-project-name/theme_template.css`.
2. Write some CSS and rename the file as specified.

#### Compile a build 
1. To compile builds, you'll need to install [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) (and its dependencies).
2. Since this project has already been configured with a package.json and a Gruntfile, you can quickly install all the dependencies for the project's Grunt tasks by running `npm install` from the project directory.
3. Update `package.json` to reference the files you created in the `content` and `themes` directories.
4. After making changes to files in the `src` directory as described above, update the build by running `grunt` from the root of the project folder.
5. Install the completed build onto the kiosk computer as described above.

### Roadmap/TODOs
* Think about whether or not builds should be saved in this repository.
* Same with text and image (thumbnail) content.
* Set up Grunt to precompile the Handlebars template and include the runtime instead of the whole jam.
* Implement a grid system (or something) so that X amount of videos will lay out nicely without much custom per-component CSS.
* Unit tests? 
* Think of a cuter name than "kiosk video player." `!important`
